services/adwords-marketing/index.md, before:

---
layout: service
title: Google Adwords Marketing System
description: We help you master successful Google advertising. Reach prospects in the moment they need you most, on the most powerful ad platform in the world.
cta: Setup Now

price 1: £250
tier1: Start up your digital marketing machine.

price2: £250/month
tier2: Improve your advertising ROI with monthly profit management.

price 3: £99
tier3: Add a new campaign anytime for a simple fixed fee.
---

<p class="lead">A stream of automated leads for your business. The perfect place to meet hot prospects at the moment they search for your service or product.</p>

## Q: What do I get?

### Access to experienced team
A talented team with the resources and experience to deliver serious ROI. We know Google Adwords inside and out, and network with experts and partners to make strategic decisions.

Our Adwords marketing is proven in a huge range of industries:

- Premium headphone brands
- Construction recruitment
- Jewelery & Cosmetics
- Healthcare
- Travel Accessories

### Certified Marketing Specialists
Other digital agencies spread themselves across web design, development and markering, usually in that order. We focus on web marketing, and little else. If you needed heart surgery, you don't go to a GP. You go to a specialist. Marketing is no different, and your business deserves nothing less.

### Clear profit reports
We give you an always-on dashboard, so your results are available weekly, monthly, quarterly, and anything in between!

We show results in context of your other traffic data, by connecting your Google Adwords account to Google Analytics.

### You own everything
Your Adwords account is your business asset. You are granting us access to your property, and you are free to take that honor away. Our goal is to delight you for a lasting business relationship.

## Q: How do I buy?

### Simple payment model
We offer a straightforward fixed fee for trial campaigns.

- System Setup: £250 + VAT
- Monthly Management: £250/month

As you grow, expand with new campaigns for your services and products starting at £99 per campaign. All prices exclude VAT.

<div class="text-center"><a href="{{ page.url }}buy/" title="Contact" role="button" class="btn btn-success m-b-md btn-lg m-t hidden-x">Buy Now <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-new-window" aria-hidden="true"></span></a>
<h2>Got more questions or want something else?
</h2>
</div>

Commit message:

Expand service content layout
Add new benefit sections - working through old content template

services/adwords-marketing/index.md, after:

---
layout: service
title: Google Adwords Marketing System
description: We help you master successful Google advertising. Reach prospects in the moment they need you most, on the most powerful ad platform in the world.
cta: Setup Now
valueProp: A stream of automated leads for your business. The perfect place to meet hot prospects at the moment they search for your service or product.

price 1: £250
tier1: Start up your digital marketing machine.

price2: £250/month
tier2: Improve your advertising ROI with monthly profit management.

price 3: £99
tier3: Add a new campaign anytime for a simple fixed fee.

certification: content-marketing-certified.png
certificationdescription: Content Marketing Specialist certified badge
---
## Q: What do I get?

### Access to experienced team
A talented team with the resources and experience to deliver serious ROI. We know Google Adwords inside and out, and network with experts and partners to make strategic decisions.

Our Adwords marketing is proven in a huge range of industries:

- Premium headphone brands
- Construction recruitment
- Jewelery & Cosmetics
- Healthcare
- Travel Accessories

### Certified Marketing Specialists
Other digital agencies spread themselves across web design, development and markering, usually in that order. We focus on web marketing, and little else. If you needed heart surgery, you don't go to a GP. You go to a specialist. Marketing is no different, and your business deserves nothing less.

### Clear profit reports
We give you an always-on dashboard, so your results are available weekly, monthly, quarterly, and anything in between!

We show results in context of your other traffic data, by connecting your Google Adwords account to Google Analytics.

### You own everything
Your Adwords account is your business asset. You are granting us access to your property, and you are free to take that honor away. Our goal is to delight you for a lasting business relationship.

## Q: How do I buy?

### Simple payment model
We offer a straightforward fixed fee for trial campaigns.

- System Setup: £250 + VAT
- Monthly Management: £250/month

As you grow, expand with new campaigns for your services and products starting at £99 per campaign. All prices exclude VAT.
